westminster and inherited i think
9 billion pounds and paid nothing so we
currently live in a system where
people from poor and ordinary
backgrounds who earn
decent amounts of money pay very high
tax but people from very very
rich backgrounds can earn unbelievable
crazy amounts of money it's important to
realize you know this guy
made more than a thousand times what i
made and paid less tax than me
it's pretty crazy right and when you
look at it like that you have to kind of
accept that we actually have quite
basically a class-based tax system
whereas people from my sort of
background my sort of voice
and you know you don't need to be from
london you could be from wherever
glasgow or manchester or birmingham you
know people from ordinary backgrounds
who earn high incomes sometimes not even
crazy high incomes pay 50 percent people
from very wealthy backgrounds can earn
billions and pay nothing so we currently
have a system where
we're already taxing
earners but we're not actually taxing
these very wealthy families